doc: state possible `total_egress_bandwidth_tier` values (#14173)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/container_node_pool.html.markdown

<a name="network_performance_config"></a>The `network_performance_config` block supports:

> * `total_egress_bandwidth_tier` (Required) - Specifies the total network bandwidth tier for the NodePool. Valid values are: "TIER_1" and "TIER_UNSPECIFIED".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `total_egress_bandwidth_tier` (Required) - Specifies the total network bandwidth tier for the NodePool. [Valid values](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.clusters.nodePools#NodePool.Tier) include: "TIER_1" and "TIER_UNSPECIFIED".
* ```
